in the morning in the cemetery in the area
west of the capital
Silence accompanied everything from friends and
Caio's student family remembers joão
of the coast of 18 years it was barbarously
murdered at the weekend
Cio would have left home around
eight-nine at night of the new
amarante with a friend aim it in
a party in a house of show also in the
North Zone
You should get out of there by the information
police around two-thirty
arriving back new amarante sock
night and a half past one and a half with the same
person he has to fest this person
would have stayed a little before he came down
alone aim to reach your
House
According to the police it was reported that
dominated
not known by one person or more fell
was murdered on a farm 300 meters
from your home
this neighbor said that some residents
came to hear the student's screams
cruel crime was young was barbarously
beaten as we heard
what people hear the scream he's calling
but I can not say because
I was not but comments from people
who say they heard caio was
homosexual takes a nursing course at the
night in the north
I lived with my mother and my grandmother, my friend.
he believes that the boy was
murdered for being gay
I believe that, because nowadays the
homophobia it is increasingly increasing
in the days and increasing the cases of
displacement against homosexuals and we
we have to stop the country's homophobia
the madre sueli da silva and the grandmother maria salete
da silva did not approach the coffin
could not
the father the sergeant of the fire department
the German coastline accompanied the
investigations
and I believe in justice and she did you
here will be elucidated this crime and
they did with my son
the delegate the titular doctor of the police station
de são gonçalo is giving us support and
ensured that there are already suspects
in this case what could have happened
isolated fact someone would have premeditated
he could be getting some kind of
not in accordance with the opinion of the
his mother
she informed him that he had not
no enemy has no student threat
a good son who was a victim
tragically may give these classes of
from friends he went to a show house
and was victimized by this tragic
death
I believe that justice goes there I want
justice
in the photo my son around 11
hours burial
the dog's most difficult time
withdrawal now step again closed
some family and friends spirits
of the fall
here in the graveyard of the good shepherd one of
chora friends do not understand why so much
brutality that was killed in Cairo
the body was found in the early hours of
Sunday on a farm with signs of
beating
Father Lenilson could not help himself and cried.
enough
was a gesture made to the son who may have
been a victim of homophobia
me and this is the daughter to go only aipim with
god cases
Hey, the error